Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
It is sudden, but...
What kind of dates do you have with your lovers?
Eh?
You don't have a lover? Well, that's a shame...
For the people who have lovers, what kind of dates do you have?
Hmm, hmm...
Going out to eat... going to watch a movie...
Ah, I see...
Maybe there are people who go on a date in a library
As of today...
I want to give you all the experience...
Of the kind of atmosphere there might be if you'd go on a date with me!
It makes you heart pound, doesn't it?
It's sort of... embarassing, right?
Let's go ahead... and try it!
"Ah!"
"You came!"
Hmm? About me?
I'm fine, you know!
I arrived just around now as well
Eh? Places I want to go to....?
Hmm...
Really...
Well then, first, let's eat a meal...
And after that...
I want to go to the zoo...
Ah, and I also want to go to the planetarium!
Really?!
Yaaay!
Well then, let's go!
*Ai munching sounds*
Mmm!
It's delicious, right?! This dish
Eh?
I look pretty today?
Don't you mean cute?
Heh
I see~
Saying that, you too...
Today, you're sort of...
Looking cooler than normal, you know!
*giggling*
This makes us look like love birds
Because we are done eating...
Let's go to the zoo!
By the way...
Here... (The restaurant bill)
It's your treat, right?
Haa!
Look, look!
That giraffe is so cute~!
Ah, hey...!
Look, look, look!
There's a gorilla over there!
Hey, do you know?
Even though I said 'gorilla', it's quite complicated...
The scientific name of the the western gorilla is Gorilla Gorilla
The western lowland gorilla is called Gorilla Gorilla Gorilla
Also, the name ‘gorilla’ is said to come from greek and means 'thick-haired female tribe'
It is said that the grip strength of a male gorilla is about 400 kilograms (880 lbs)
Compared to their appearance, their personality is pretty naive
Oh! Oh...
I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
Somewhat, it looks like a bug somehow entered me...
I wonder if it's a virus?
I’ve regained my mind...
Let's go to the planetarium!
Aaah~
The stars are so pretty!
Is that where Orion is?
Eh?
A black hole?
Yes! I know them
If you get caught by it...
Even light can’t escape it, right?
By the way, Black holes are very massive heavenly bodies and have extremely high densities
According to Einstein's general theory of relativity...
For a Schwarzschild black hole to occur, it needs to fit inside of its Schwarzschild radius, and in that case...
Even if something has light speed, it will no longer be able to leave
If something as massive as the sun or the Earth be turned into a black hole...
The sun would, with its mass, have a radius of around 3 km (1.9 mi)
The Earth would need to be compressed to within the size of a sugar cube
By the way, the Schwarzschild radius estimation uses the general theory of relativity, which follows the school of Newton...
Uwa!
Huh?
He went home...
Translated by: Bararo and Mitsukitten